README.md, before:

# Awesome Sign Language
🙌  A collection of awesome Sign Language projects and resources 🤟

[Sign Language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sign_language) is a language that can include simultaneously employing hand gestures, movement, orientation of the fingers, arms or body, and facial expressions to convey a speaker's ideas. 

Wherever communities of deaf people exist, sign languages have developed, and are at the cores of local deaf cultures. Find here the [list of Sign Languages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sign_languages).

## Contents

- [Resources](#resources)
	- [Universities](#universities)
	- [Researchers](#researchers)
	- [Learn Sign Language](#learn-sign-language)
	- [Sign Language Projects](#sign-language-projects)
	- [Community](#community)
- [Contribution](#contribution)


## Resources

### Universities

- [Gallaudet University](http://www.gallaudet.edu) - The world's only university designed to be barrier-free for deaf and hard of hearing students.
- [National Technical Institute for the Deaf - NTID](http://www.ntid.rit.edu) - The primary mission of the institute is to provide Deaf and hard-of-hearing students with outstanding state-of-the-art technical and professional education programs.
- [Instituto Nacional de Educação de Surdos - INES](http://www.ines.gov.br) - Brazil's first Deaf school.
- [Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina - UFSC](https://libras.ufsc.br) - The university created the first degree course in Portuguese / Libras (Brazilian Sign Language) in Brazil, becoming a national reference in sign language.
- [National Institute for Deaf Children of Paris](http://www.injs-paris.fr) -  Deaf school founded by Charles-Michel de l'Épée in 1760, in Paris, France.
- [Trinity College Dublin - Centre for Deaf Studies - CDS](https://www.tcd.ie/slscs/cds/) - Trinity is one of the top 50 universities in the world and is the only college in Ireland to offer a bachelor degree in Deaf Studies.

### Researchers

-

### Learn Sign Language

#### Libras / BSL - Brazilian Sign Language

- [Free Course by University of São Paulo (USP)](https://blog.surdoparasurdo.com.br/gr%C3%A1tis-curso-de-libras-da-universidade-de-s%C3%A3o-paulo-bed343119975) - USP offers free and online Brazilian Sign Language course.
- [Learn with Deaf Youtubers](https://blog.surdoparasurdo.com.br/12-canais-de-youtube-em-libras-3aacb3a8fb8b) - Follow and learn with Deaf youruber. Videos in Brazilian Sign Language.
- [Private lessons with Deaf tutors](https://surdoparasurdo.com.br/en) - Learn online with a Deaf private tutor.
- [Learn first signs to start a conversation](https://aprenda-libras.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Progressive Web App to learn first signs to start a conversation.
- [Sid Sinais - Chatbot help to find signs in Libras](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in Libras.

#### LGP - Portuguese Sign Language
- [Sid Sinais - Chatbot help to find signs in LGP](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in LGP.

#### ASL - American Sign Language

- [The ASL App](http://theaslapp.com) - THE ASL APP is all about teaching you conversational ASL.
- [Books, Media, and Classes by Gallaudet](http://www3.gallaudet.edu/clerc-center/info-to-go/asl/learning-asl-books_media_classes.html) - Connects to resources about learning ASL, including where to find ASL classes.
- [Sid Signs - Chatbot help to find signs in ASL](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in ASL.

#### ISL - Irish Sign Language

- [Learn Irish Sign Language](http://www.learnirishsignlanguage.ie) - Learn at your own pace. Your reference library for beginners signs.
- [Sid Signs - Chatbot help to find signs in ISL](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in ISL.

#### BSL - British Sign Language

- [Learn British Sign Language](https://www.british-sign.co.uk) - British Sign Language online course, free resources, games, information, and greeting cards.

### Community

- [Github Projects](https://github.com/topics/sign-language)
- [Stack Overflow Questions](https://stackoverflow.com/search?q=sign+language)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=sign%20language)

#### Foundations

- [World Federation of the Deaf](https://wfdeaf.org) - The World Federation of the Deaf is a global organisation working to ensure equal rights for 70 million people around the globe.
- [Deaf Child Worldwide](http://www.deafchildworldwide.info) - They are the UK's leading international charity for deaf children in developing countries.
- [Nyle DiMarco Foundation](https://nyledimarcofoundation.com) - Improving Deaf people's lives; Access to accurate, research-based information about early language acquisition- specifically, the bilingual education approach.

## Contribution

Please read the [contribution guidelines](./contributing.md) to get started.

:star: Suggestions and PRs are welcome! :star:

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Robson Mafra](https://github.com/robsonmafra) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

🤔 Getting started
Add two articles to help who is starting a new sign language project

README.md, after:

# Awesome Sign Language
🙌  A collection of awesome Sign Language projects and resources 🤟

[Sign Language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sign_language) is a language that can include simultaneously employing hand gestures, movement, orientation of the fingers, arms or body, and facial expressions to convey a speaker's ideas. 

Wherever communities of deaf people exist, sign languages have developed, and are at the cores of local deaf cultures. Find here the [list of Sign Languages](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_sign_languages).

## Contents

- [Resources](#resources)
	- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
	- [Universities](#universities)
	- [Researchers](#researchers)
	- [Learn Sign Language](#learn-sign-language)
	- [Sign Language Projects](#sign-language-projects)
	- [Community](#community)
- [Contribution](#contribution)


## Resources

### Getting Started

Are going to start a new Sign Language project? Before doing that, please read these two articles:
- [Why the Signing Gloves Hype Needs to Stop](https://audio-accessibility.com/news/2016/05/signing-gloves-hype-needs-stop) - A summary of the main points to consider when creating a new project related to sign language
- [Why Sign-Language Gloves Don't Help Deaf People](https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2017/11/why-sign-language-gloves-dont-help-deaf-people/545441) - Wearable technologies that claim to translate ASL overlook the intricacies of the language, as well as the needs of signers

### Universities

- [Gallaudet University](http://www.gallaudet.edu) - The world's only university designed to be barrier-free for deaf and hard of hearing students.
- [National Technical Institute for the Deaf - NTID](http://www.ntid.rit.edu) - The primary mission of the institute is to provide Deaf and hard-of-hearing students with outstanding state-of-the-art technical and professional education programs.
- [Instituto Nacional de Educação de Surdos - INES](http://www.ines.gov.br) - Brazil's first Deaf school.
- [Universidade Federal de Santa Catarina - UFSC](https://libras.ufsc.br) - The university created the first degree course in Portuguese / Libras (Brazilian Sign Language) in Brazil, becoming a national reference in sign language.
- [National Institute for Deaf Children of Paris](http://www.injs-paris.fr) -  Deaf school founded by Charles-Michel de l'Épée in 1760, in Paris, France.
- [Trinity College Dublin - Centre for Deaf Studies - CDS](https://www.tcd.ie/slscs/cds/) - Trinity is one of the top 50 universities in the world and is the only college in Ireland to offer a bachelor degree in Deaf Studies.

### Researchers

-

### Learn Sign Language

#### Libras / BSL - Brazilian Sign Language

- [Free Course by University of São Paulo (USP)](https://blog.surdoparasurdo.com.br/gr%C3%A1tis-curso-de-libras-da-universidade-de-s%C3%A3o-paulo-bed343119975) - USP offers free and online Brazilian Sign Language course.
- [Learn with Deaf Youtubers](https://blog.surdoparasurdo.com.br/12-canais-de-youtube-em-libras-3aacb3a8fb8b) - Follow and learn with Deaf youruber. Videos in Brazilian Sign Language.
- [Private lessons with Deaf tutors](https://surdoparasurdo.com.br/en) - Learn online with a Deaf private tutor.
- [Learn first signs to start a conversation](https://aprenda-libras.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Progressive Web App to learn first signs to start a conversation.
- [Sid Sinais - Chatbot help to find signs in Libras](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in Libras.

#### LGP - Portuguese Sign Language
- [Sid Sinais - Chatbot help to find signs in LGP](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in LGP.

#### ASL - American Sign Language

- [The ASL App](http://theaslapp.com) - THE ASL APP is all about teaching you conversational ASL.
- [Books, Media, and Classes by Gallaudet](http://www3.gallaudet.edu/clerc-center/info-to-go/asl/learning-asl-books_media_classes.html) - Connects to resources about learning ASL, including where to find ASL classes.
- [Sid Signs - Chatbot help to find signs in ASL](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in ASL.

#### ISL - Irish Sign Language

- [Learn Irish Sign Language](http://www.learnirishsignlanguage.ie) - Learn at your own pace. Your reference library for beginners signs.
- [Sid Signs - Chatbot help to find signs in ISL](http://sid-sinais.surdoparasurdo.com.br) - Chatbot that find signs in ISL.

#### BSL - British Sign Language

- [Learn British Sign Language](https://www.british-sign.co.uk) - British Sign Language online course, free resources, games, information, and greeting cards.

### Sign Language Projects

-

### Community

- [Github Projects](https://github.com/topics/sign-language)
- [Stack Overflow Questions](https://stackoverflow.com/search?q=sign+language)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/search?q=sign%20language)

#### Foundations

- [World Federation of the Deaf](https://wfdeaf.org) - The World Federation of the Deaf is a global organisation working to ensure equal rights for 70 million people around the globe.
- [Deaf Child Worldwide](http://www.deafchildworldwide.info) - They are the UK's leading international charity for deaf children in developing countries.
- [Nyle DiMarco Foundation](https://nyledimarcofoundation.com) - Improving Deaf people's lives; Access to accurate, research-based information about early language acquisition- specifically, the bilingual education approach.

## Contribution

Please read the [contribution guidelines](./contributing.md) to get started.

:star: Suggestions and PRs are welcome! :star:

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Robson Mafra](https://github.com/robsonmafra) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
